README.md, before:

# Hugo template for Netlify CMS with Netlify Identity

This is a small business template built with [Victor Hugo](https://github.com/netlify/victor-hugo) and [Netlify CMS](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms), designed and developed by [Darin Dimitroff](http://www.darindimitroff.com/), [spacefarm.digital](https://www.spacefarm.digital).

## Getting started

Use our deploy button to get your own copy of the repository. 

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/netlify-templates/one-click-hugo-cms&stack=cms)

This will setup everything needed for running the CMS:

* A new repository in your GitHub account with the code
* Full Continuous Deployment to Netlify's global CDN network
* Control users and access with Netlify Identity
* Manage content with Netlify CMS

Once the initial build finishes, you can invite yourself as a user. Go to the Identity tab in your new site, click "Invite" and send yourself an invite.

Now you're all set, and you can start editing content!

## Local Development

Clone this repository, and run `yarn` or `npm install` from the new folder to install all required dependencies.

Then start the development server with `yarn start` or `npm start`.

## Layouts

The template is based on small, content-agnostic partials that can be mixed and matched. The pre-built pages showcase just a few of the possible combinations. Refer to the `site/layouts/partials` folder for all available partials.

Use Hugo’s `dict` functionality to feed content into partials and avoid repeating yourself and creating discrepancies.

## CSS

The template uses a custom fork of Tachyons and PostCSS with cssnext and cssnano. To customize the template for your brand, refer to `src/css/imports/_variables.css` where most of the important global variables like colors and spacing are stored.

## SVG

All SVG icons stored in `site/static/img/icons` are automatically optimized with SVGO (gulp-svgmin) and concatenated into a single SVG sprite stored as a a partial called `svg.html`. Make sure you use consistent icons in terms of viewport and art direction for optimal results. Refer to an SVG via the `<use>` tag like so:

```
<svg width="16px" height="16px" class="db">
  <use xlink:href="#SVG-ID"></use>
</svg>
```

Commit message:

Update readme with note about supported node version

README.md, after:

# Hugo template for Netlify CMS with Netlify Identity

This is a small business template built with [Victor Hugo](https://github.com/netlify/victor-hugo) and [Netlify CMS](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms), designed and developed by [Darin Dimitroff](http://www.darindimitroff.com/), [spacefarm.digital](https://www.spacefarm.digital).

## Getting started

Use our deploy button to get your own copy of the repository. 

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/netlify-templates/one-click-hugo-cms&stack=cms)

This will setup everything needed for running the CMS:

* A new repository in your GitHub account with the code
* Full Continuous Deployment to Netlify's global CDN network
* Control users and access with Netlify Identity
* Manage content with Netlify CMS

Once the initial build finishes, you can invite yourself as a user. Go to the Identity tab in your new site, click "Invite" and send yourself an invite.

Now you're all set, and you can start editing content!

## Local Development
Install node 9.0.0; this repo uses gulp3 which is incompatible with node 10.0.0+

Clone this repository, and run `yarn` or `npm install` from the new folder to install all required dependencies.

Then start the development server with `yarn start` or `npm start`.

## Layouts

The template is based on small, content-agnostic partials that can be mixed and matched. The pre-built pages showcase just a few of the possible combinations. Refer to the `site/layouts/partials` folder for all available partials.

Use Hugo’s `dict` functionality to feed content into partials and avoid repeating yourself and creating discrepancies.

## CSS

The template uses a custom fork of Tachyons and PostCSS with cssnext and cssnano. To customize the template for your brand, refer to `src/css/imports/_variables.css` where most of the important global variables like colors and spacing are stored.

## SVG

All SVG icons stored in `site/static/img/icons` are automatically optimized with SVGO (gulp-svgmin) and concatenated into a single SVG sprite stored as a a partial called `svg.html`. Make sure you use consistent icons in terms of viewport and art direction for optimal results. Refer to an SVG via the `<use>` tag like so:

```
<svg width="16px" height="16px" class="db">
  <use xlink:href="#SVG-ID"></use>
</svg>
```
